# Social Media Analytics : Customer’s and Employee’s Management in Mayo-Clinic and Cleveland-clinic

## Description
The purpose of this project is divided into two main sections. First, it examines customer and patient review data from social media for Mayo Clinic and Cleveland Clinic. These reviews were collected using Octoparse and visualised in Tableau. In addition, employee evaluations for both clinics were also scraped and analysed to provide insights into internal management. Secondly, Twitter data from both clinics was utilised for sentiment analysis to further understand public perception and engagement. Overall, the study aims to provide a holistic view of customer and employee management at both institutions.

### Introduction
Business process improvement is a growing concern for healthcare organisations around the world, and it is a critical success factor. The goal is to improve organisational performance by redesigning processes or information systems to meet the fundamental needs of today's healthcare organisations (Rebuge & Ferreria, 2012). The advent of social media platform such as social media website, blog posts, forums, and discussion service, online groups, and encyclopaedias, which are frequently referred to collectively, denoted a shift from inactive consumption to active production of various contents from the Internet users (Kotov, 2015). In contrast according to newswire stories, goes beyond presenting facts and reporting events to give a wealth of information about popular opinion on virtually any issue, including healthcare.

The Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic have once again taken the top and runner-up spots in U.S. News & World Report's annual ranking of the best hospitals in the country (Muoio, 2021). The list is meant to assist patients and clinicians in determining the best options for speciality care or specific treatments. According to Cleveland Clinic CEO Tom Mihaljevic, healthcare is being modernized by new medical personnel alignments, digitalization and personalisation, an emphasis on prevention, and internationalisation. He presented some of the important aspects that have granted Cleveland Clinic top ratings, as well as his vision for the future of healthcare (Resis, 2019). What makes Mayo Clinic Different? It’s Safe, efficient care all in one place. “You will not have to wait weeks or even days for responses. If you have a morning test, your results will be available to your doctor that afternoon”. In fact, most initial visits to the Mayo Clinic last less than a week. “We’ll make certain you receive the tailored attention and particular care you require so you can recuperate faster and return to the things and people you like the most” (Mayo Clinic, n.d.).
This project will use different  methods and visualization tools to analyse Mayo Clinic and Cleveland Clinic social data in detail. Find out what patients and employee reviews in both healthcare. Which healthcare is more suitable? and present the data to assist hospital executives and other in understanding the operational impact of the data.

### Purpose 
